Develop observation collector (#3352)
Unity-Technologies/ml-agents: docs/Migrating.md

# Migrating

## Migrating from 0.14 to latest

### Important changes

> * The `CollectObservations()` virtual method now needs as input a `VectorSensor` sensor as argument.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The `Agent.CollectObservations()` virtual method now takes as input a `VectorSensor` sensor as argument. The `Agent.AddVectorObs()` methods were removed.
```

### Steps to Migrate

> * Replace your implementation of `CollectObservations()` with `CollectObservations(VectorSensor sensor)`. In addition, replace all calls to `AddVectorObs()` with `sensor.AddObservation()` or `sensor.AddOneHotObservation()` on the `VectorSensor` passed as argument.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Replace your Agent's implementation of `CollectObservations()` with `CollectObservations(VectorSensor sensor)`. In addition, replace all calls to `AddVectorObs()` with `sensor.AddObservation()` or `sensor.AddOneHotObservation()` on the `VectorSensor` passed as argument.
```
